**Cyber Road Map Reflection**
- 1. As of now I am not planning on entering the workforce or transferring to a 
4-year school, my reason for this is that I want to gain more experience with 
cyber security. I want to try programs or gain certifications that will make it 
better for me to have CompTIA certifications and to try and learn from other 
services that will help you gain experience in the field. That will be for about 
a year and after that I will assess if I want to enter the workforce or to 
transfer to a 4-year school. There are opportunities for me to do things like 
during the summer because there are summer jobs or internships that I can 
do and if they involve anything regarding computers or cybersecurity, I can 
use them to help with what I currently know and put them to the test and see 
if I learn something new. Possibly learn something that’s also related to 
cyber security like being a penetration tester or an analyst. 
- 2. Based on the video my current strengths are that I can put time into learning 
more and teaching myself new things that I can later apply or work on what I 
currently know and improve on it. I do have a basic understanding of cyber 
security elements like MFA, security awareness, etc.
- 3. I need to improve in a lot of areas if I want to get hired or transferred like 
getting more certifications and more experience. Also, by learning how to do 
things I found complicated to do before, like making myself more noticeable 
and trying to do new things to solve problems that may occur. 
- 4. The CSN 190 project will help me address these gaps by looking at 
problems and seeing if I can find ways to solve them and show others how I 
was able to solve it and determine the way it needs to be done. 
- 5. Some specific steps I will take this semester to enhance my career readiness 
is by looking for opportunities to improve my skills and trying to watch 
videos on topics that I am lacking in and see if I can apply them myself. I 
will also try to see if I can do online programs that can help me prepare 
myself for getting certifications like CompTIA so that it can make me look 
better and be seen as a potential worker. 
