**Topic Analysis Assignment**
- Web application security testing methodologies interests is a 10 because I
want to learn what I can do to test a website’s security and see what
vulnerabilities it has and make plans to secure the website or at least put
on more protection to it, so it isn’t hacked or messed around with.
- Resources and tools that will be needed for this topic are Burp site which
is a tool that scans for common vulnerabilities in a website and addresses
them, Nmap, which helps to identify open ports, to discover hosts, and to
assess network security. Other tools include Metasploit, which helps
identify and exploit vulnerabilities in services and applications to which
you can use to see what is being left unprotected and fix the issues.
- My current knowledge in this topic is around a beginner to medium level
because I do know about some ways in protecting a website but just the
basic stuff not the more advanced things and I would need to learn more
about how websites can be hacked into and what methods are used to
find exploits and to find ways to patch the problems.
- It is primarily research based but I think it can also be project based
because it will or might require testing on actual websites. The main
deliveries will be vulnerability reports and recommendations to consider.
- This topic addresses current cyber security challenges because it can
bring attention to others on how to better secure websites to prevent
information from being stolen by hackers and scammers and to better
protect consumers and their information.
- This aligns with my cyber security career goals because I want to be able
to test these things and see how different methods can improve security
and make others feel safe on the internet.
- Physical Security of Small Business Networks and my interests in the topic
are a 10 because a lot of problems are caused within the physical networks
like someone accessing a computer or router or something else without
having authorization to do so or entering a place without proper
authorization.
- Tools that would be needed are cameras at both entrance and exits to
monitor who is entering and leaving a secure location, alarms, locked doors,
biometric scans of authorized personnel, etc. My current knowledge on this
topic is at a medium level, and I would need to learn more about other ways
of adding physical security to a small business network and how to
implement them in the right way.
- This would primarily be project based on research added in because you’d
have to find ways to implement a new or update a current security issue and
then after implementing it, you’d need to do some research on how effective
it is and make any changes that are needed. The main deliverables would be
recommendations for future updates.
- This topic addresses current cyber security challenges because there are
many ways someone can impersonate a worker or someone who has
authority to something sensitive and it can cause problems for companies or
other small businesses.
- This aligns with my cyber security career goals because I want to be
someone who can inform people about adding more security measures to
secure places where sensitive information can be stored and accessible to
only authorized personnel.
- AI powered Phishing detection system is very interesting to me because its
one of the ways we can use AI to help with detecting malicious methods
people use to trick others and it can be helpful to those who aren’t very
knowledgeable about phishing scams.
- Tools that will be needed are things like AI models that are configured to
detect things that might appear to be phishing and flagging them to the user
and warn them of the danger of it. Use analysis to help the AI understand
what can be seen as phishing so less problems occur because it might flag
actual emails as phishing and can get confused. My knowledge level is
medium because I know that we can use AI for things like that but the way
to have the AI be able to know it’s something like phishing I do not know
how to.
- It’s both project and research based because you’d have to implement it and
take data on how it works and see if any problems arise from it and adjust
the AI to be much better in the future and continue to do so. Its main
delivery would be both vulnerable reports and recommendations because the
AI can make mistakes as well and you’d have to report those mistakes and
make the recommended adjustments to it.
- This topic addresses current cyber security challenges because AI is
becoming increasingly advanced and we can use it to help us with problems
that we have but we need to be careful about how we use it and implement it
in network systems.
- This aligns with my cyber security career goals because AI can be used for
good and this is one way of using AI to help us stay safe and protect others
from malicious attacks.
